# pathological-control
The hospital management system is designed for any hospital to replace their existing manual ,paper based system. The new system is to control the patient information ,book apointments , doctor information, etc. These services are to be provided in an efficient ,cost effective manner with the goal of reducing time and resource currently required for such tasks.
Hospital management system can be entered using username and password .It is accessible by an admin, doctor and staff .Only they can add data into the database. The data are well protected for personal use and makes the data processing very fast. hospital management system is powerful ,flexible and easy to use and is designed and developed to deliver real conceivable benefits to hospitals.
The project includes registration of patients ,storing their details in database. The software that the facility to give a unique id (pid) for every patients and stores the details of every patient manually. Admin can edit or view the availability of a doctor and details of patient using the name ,id.
Hospital management system is designed for multi-speciality hospitals ,to cover a wide range of hospital administration and management processes .This project also has GUI based software that will help in storing ,updating information through various user-friendly menu-driven modules.
The project ‘Hospital Management System’ is based on the database .There are many areas where records are to be stored in database for which we have used MYSQL which is one of the easy and best to store information. This project on the other hand also uses python for backend and html ,css and bootstrap for frontend and GUI based software. Python has connectivity with MYSQL.

